Add incremental compilation section in Wasm Troubleshooting (#4553)
JetBrains/kotlin-web-site: docs/topics/wasm/wasm-troubleshooting.md

You can place your new `.mjs` file in the resources folder, and it will automatically be placed next to the main `.mjs` file during the build process.

You can also place your `.mjs` file in a custom location. In this case, you need to either manually move it next to the main `.mjs` file or 
adjust the path in the import statement to match its location.

> ## Use incremental compilation

Reviewer: It looks strange to see it under the "Troubleshooting" title.

When working on Kotlin/Wasm projects, you may experience slow compilation times. This happens because the Kotlin/Wasm 
toolchain recompiles the entire codebase every time you make a change.

To mitigate this issue, Kotlin/Wasm targets support incremental compilation, which enables the compiler to recompile only 
those files relevant to changes from the last compilation.

> Using incremental compilation reduces the compilation time. It doubles 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using incremental compilation reduces the compilation time and can significantly improve development speed. Currently, it doubles 
```

Reviewer 2: we can remove "and can significantly improve development speed." if you feel like it repeats info too much. 
I think adding Currently before the start of the sentence helps to belabor the point that it's just the current setup

Author: Thanks for the suggestion. I think I'll leave it as it is with fewer words (:

the development speed for now, with plans to improve it further in future releases.

In the current setup, incremental compilation for the Wasm targets is disabled by default.
To enable it, add the following line to your project's `local.properties` or `gradle.properties` file:

```text
kotlin.incremental.wasm=true
```

> Try out the Kotlin/Wasm incremental compilation and [share your feedback](https://youtrack.jetbrains.com/issue/KT-72158/Kotlin-Wasm-incremental-compilation-feedback).

> > Your insights help make this feature [Stable](components-stability.md) and enabled by default sooner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Your insights help make the feature stable and enabled by default sooner.
```

I think we don't need to reference to components stability page here. 
Usually, we apply those stability levels explicitly for more high-level components.
